This was by far the most challenging lab yet.  Implementing the find() and keyExists() methods was relatively simple, but add() and remove() were a little more difficult, as they each had member variables to be modified every time a value was added/removed.  This lab is a good introduction to hash tables because it sticks to the basic collision resolution, so students can understand how a hash(k) function is supposed to operate before worrying about these more complicated operations.

Questions:  I am still struggeling with the grow() method.  I believe I have everything correct until I need to call add() on the new array.  Add() only works with backingArray in my program, not sure how to resolve this.

Suggestions:  In your previous labs, all of the instructions for the methods were in one place (more or less).  In this lab, there are additions to method instructions in multiple .h files.  This is fine, but it would be helpful for one of the .h files to have a comprehensive list of requirements like your previous labs had.  The instructions you wrote about the hash(k) function at the top of the HashTable.h were slightly confusing, as I thought I had to write my own hash(k) method at the top of my HashTable.ipp file.  In your hash(k) method in the main.cpp file, I had to change hashPrimes[NUM_HASH_PRIMES-2] to hashPrimes[0] so that m was the size of my current array, and not the largest prime array size.  With the large m, the value hash(k) returned was out of bounds for my array.  Finally, I had trouble calling add() from the grow method.  Maybe I missed something in my add() method, or simply called it incorrectly from grow(), I think some additional guidance to go with the grow() method would be very helpful to students.

I spent around 10 hours on this lab.  I remember you saying you wrote this one quickly so I might have to figure some things out for myself.  I would estimate this lab would take around 8 hours for students if some of the issues I highlighted were addressed.  The issues were not necessairly hard to resolve, just took some extra thought and trial/error, other than that this is an excellent intro to hash tables.